neuroverkko/Utils/MnistReader.java
 neuroverkko.Utils.MnistReader
neuroverkko/Utils/DataStructures/Map/Pair.java
 neuroverkko.Utils.DataStructures.Map.Pair
neuroverkko/Math/CostFunctions/HalfQuadratic.java
 neuroverkko.Math.CostFunctions.HalfQuadratic
neuroverkko/Math/ActivationFunctions/SigmoidDouble.java
 neuroverkko.Math.ActivationFunctions.SigmoidDouble
neuroverkko/Math/INeuronInput.java
 neuroverkko.Math.INeuronInput
neuroverkko/Neuroverkko/NeuralNetwork.java
 neuroverkko.Neuroverkko.NeuralNetwork
 neuroverkko.Neuroverkko.NeuralNetwork$NNBuilder
 neuroverkko.Neuroverkko.NeuralNetwork$NetworkState
neuroverkko/Utils/Data/MNIST_reader/MNISTEntry.java
 neuroverkko.Utils.Data.MNIST_reader.MNISTEntry
neuroverkko/Utils/Data/MNIST_reader/MNISTCompressedReader.java
 neuroverkko.Utils.Data.MNIST_reader.MNISTCompressedReader
neuroverkko/Math/ActivationFunctions/ActivationFunctionFactory.java
 neuroverkko.Math.ActivationFunctions.ActivationFunctionFactory
neuroverkko/Utils/ImageUtils.java
 neuroverkko.Utils.ImageUtils
neuroverkko/Utils/Data/MNIST_reader/MNISTDecompressedReader.java
 neuroverkko.Utils.Data.MNIST_reader.MNISTDecompressedReader
neuroverkko/Neuroverkko/Result.java
 neuroverkko.Neuroverkko.Result
neuroverkko/Math/Function.java
 neuroverkko.Math.Function
neuroverkko/Utils/WeightInitializer.java
 neuroverkko.Utils.WeightInitializer
neuroverkko/Neuroverkko/Initializer/XavierUniform.java
 neuroverkko.Neuroverkko.Initializer.XavierUniform
neuroverkko/Math/ActivationFunctions/Softmax.java
 neuroverkko.Math.ActivationFunctions.Softmax
neuroverkko/Neuroverkko/Edge.java
 neuroverkko.Neuroverkko.Edge
neuroverkko/Math/CostFunctions/MSE.java
 neuroverkko.Math.CostFunctions.MSE
neuroverkko/Neuroverkko/NeuralNetwork3.java
 neuroverkko.Neuroverkko.NeuralNetwork3
neuroverkko/Utils/DataStructures/List.java
 neuroverkko.Utils.DataStructures.List
neuroverkko/Math/ActivationFunctions/Identity.java
 neuroverkko.Math.ActivationFunctions.Identity
neuroverkko/Math/Matrix.java
 neuroverkko.Math.Matrix
neuroverkko/Utils/Viz/SimppeliNakyma.java
 neuroverkko.Utils.Viz.SimppeliNakyma
 neuroverkko.Utils.Viz.SimppeliNakyma$1
neuroverkko/App.java
 neuroverkko.App
neuroverkko/Math/Vector.java
 neuroverkko.Math.Vector
neuroverkko/Math/CostFunctions/CrossEntropy.java
 neuroverkko.Math.CostFunctions.CrossEntropy
neuroverkko/Math/CostFunctions/Quadratic.java
 neuroverkko.Math.CostFunctions.Quadratic
neuroverkko/Math/ActivationFunctions/ActivationFunction.java
 neuroverkko.Math.ActivationFunctions.ActivationFunction
neuroverkko/Math/Optimizers/GradientDescent.java
 neuroverkko.Math.Optimizers.GradientDescent
neuroverkko/Neuroverkko/Initializer/Initializer.java
 neuroverkko.Neuroverkko.Initializer.Initializer
 neuroverkko.Neuroverkko.Initializer.Initializer$Random
neuroverkko/Math/ActivationFunctions/IActivationFunction.java
 neuroverkko.Math.ActivationFunctions.IActivationFunction
 neuroverkko.Math.ActivationFunctions.IActivationFunction$ActivationFunction
neuroverkko/Math/ActivationFunctions/Sigmoid.java
 neuroverkko.Math.ActivationFunctions.Sigmoid
neuroverkko/Neuroverkko/Layer.java
 neuroverkko.Neuroverkko.Layer
 neuroverkko.Neuroverkko.Layer$LayerState
neuroverkko/Utils/UniformInitializer.java
 neuroverkko.Utils.UniformInitializer
neuroverkko/Math/Optimizers/Momentum.java
 neuroverkko.Math.Optimizers.Momentum
neuroverkko/Utils/Data/MNIST_reader/MNISTReader.java
 neuroverkko.Utils.Data.MNIST_reader.MNISTReader
neuroverkko/Math/CostFunctions/CostFunctions.java
 neuroverkko.Math.CostFunctions.CostFunctions
 neuroverkko.Math.CostFunctions.CostFunctions$CostFunctionEnum
neuroverkko/Utils/RandomNumberGenerator.java
 neuroverkko.Utils.RandomNumberGenerator
neuroverkko/Math/Optimizers/Optimizer.java
 neuroverkko.Math.Optimizers.Optimizer
neuroverkko/Math/ActivationFunctions/LeakyReLu.java
 neuroverkko.Math.ActivationFunctions.LeakyReLu
neuroverkko/Math/ActivationFunctions/Softplus.java
 neuroverkko.Math.ActivationFunctions.Softplus
neuroverkko/Neuroverkko/Layer3.java
 neuroverkko.Neuroverkko.Layer3
neuroverkko/Utils/DataStructures/Map/Map.java
 neuroverkko.Utils.DataStructures.Map.Map
neuroverkko/Neuroverkko/Neuron.java
 neuroverkko.Neuroverkko.Neuron
